All right guys welcome back.
So this lecture what we're going to do is cover Instagram live and from where I'm speaking it's the
newest thing they've come out with.
And again it's just kind of a copy of Facebook love but it's fine because they're copying their parent
company.
Instagram live is an interesting thing and it kind of works like stories and it is a great way of getting
engagement amongst the followers.
You already have you can kind of tie it into some other strategies like giveaways for instance and like
getting people to tag other people.
But there's a very specific way to do it correctly.
And so we're going to look at ways you can do it correctly accounts that are doing it correctly and
then we'll talk a little bit how about how you can decide whether or not something that fits for you.
Now for innovation sation business says up front it's probably not something that's going to work for
our following account.
So it's something I'll dabble with but I just can't imagine how it's going to work.
We cover interesting technology so I don't know how.
I don't know what I'm going to put on a live video but as you'll see in the section there are actually
some options out there and we'll just see.
All right on that somewhat disappointing note.
The next lecture.